and re Hobart a shekel for all Israel
and re Hobart a shekel for all Israel had gone to Shechem to make him King
had gone to Shechem to make him King
had gone to Shechem to make him King so it happened when general Bern the son
so it happened when general Bern the son
so it happened when general Bern the son of Nebat heard it he was in Egypt where
of Nebat heard it he was in Egypt where
of Nebat heard it he was in Egypt where he had fled from the presence of King
he had fled from the presence of King
he had fled from the presence of King Solomon the Jeroboam
Solomon the Jeroboam
Solomon the Jeroboam returned from Egypt and they sent for
returned from Egypt and they sent for
returned from Egypt and they sent for him and called him and Jeroboam and all
him and called him and Jeroboam and all
him and called him and Jeroboam and all Israel came and spoke to rehabilitate
the
the your father and his heavy yoke which he
your father and his heavy yoke which he
your father and his heavy yoke which he put on us and we will serve you come
put on us and we will serve you come
put on us and we will serve you come back to me after three days and the
back to me after three days and the
back to me after three days and the people to party it then King Rehoboam
people to party it then King Rehoboam
people to party it then King Rehoboam consulted the elders who stood before
consulted the elders who stood before
consulted the elders who stood before his father Solomon while he still lived
his father Solomon while he still lived
his father Solomon while he still lived how do you advise me to answer these
how do you advise me to answer these
how do you advise me to answer these people
people
people if you are kind to these people and
if you are kind to these people and
if you are kind to these people and please them and speak good words to them
please them and speak good words to them
please them and speak good words to them they will be your servants forever but
they will be your servants forever but
they will be your servants forever but he rejected the advice which the elders
he rejected the advice which the elders
he rejected the advice which the elders had given him and consulted the young
had given him and consulted the young
had given him and consulted the young men who had grown up with him who stood
men who had grown up with him who stood
men who had grown up with him who stood before him what advice do you give how
before him what advice do you give how
before him what advice do you give how should we answer this people who have
should we answer this people who have
should we answer this people who have spoken to me saying lighten the yoke
spoken to me saying lighten the yoke
spoken to me saying lighten the yoke which your father put on us thus you
which your father put on us thus you
which your father put on us thus you should speak to the people who have
should speak to the people who have
should speak to the people who have spoken to you saying your father made
spoken to you saying your father made
spoken to you saying your father made our yoke heavy but you make it lighter
our yoke heavy but you make it lighter
our yoke heavy but you make it lighter on us thus you shall say to them my
on us thus you shall say to them my
on us thus you shall say to them my little finger shall be thicker than my
little finger shall be thicker than my
little finger shall be thicker than my father's waist and now whereas my father
father's waist and now whereas my father
father's waist and now whereas my father put a heavy yoke on you I will add to
put a heavy yoke on you I will add to
put a heavy yoke on you I will add to your yoke my father chastised you with
your yoke my father chastised you with
your yoke my father chastised you with whips but I will chastise you with
whips but I will chastise you with
whips but I will chastise you with scourge 'as so cherubim and all the
scourge 'as so cherubim and all the
scourge 'as so cherubim and all the people came to rear bone on the third
people came to rear bone on the third
people came to rear bone on the third day as the King had directed saying come
day as the King had directed saying come
day as the King had directed saying come back to me the third day then the King
back to me the third day then the King
back to me the third day then the King answered them roughly King Rehoboam
answered them roughly King Rehoboam
answered them roughly King Rehoboam rejected the advice of the elders and he
rejected the advice of the elders and he
rejected the advice of the elders and he spoke to them according to the advice of
spoke to them according to the advice of
spoke to them according to the advice of the young men my father made your yoke
the young men my father made your yoke
the young men my father made your yoke heavy but I will add to it my father
heavy but I will add to it my father
heavy but I will add to it my father chastised you with whips but I will
chastised you with whips but I will
chastised you with whips but I will chastise you with scourging so the King
chastise you with scourging so the King
chastise you with scourging so the King did not listen to the people for the
did not listen to the people for the
did not listen to the people for the turn of events was from God that the
turn of events was from God that the
turn of events was from God that the Lord might fulfill his word which he had
Lord might fulfill his word which he had
Lord might fulfill his word which he had spoken by the hand of a Hodja the Shila
spoken by the hand of a Hodja the Shila
spoken by the hand of a Hodja the Shila night to Jeroboam the son of Nebat now
night to Jeroboam the son of Nebat now
night to Jeroboam the son of Nebat now when all Israel saw that the king did
when all Israel saw that the king did
when all Israel saw that the king did not listen to them the people answered
not listen to them the people answered
not listen to them the people answered the king
the king
the king what share have we and David we have no
what share have we and David we have no
what share have we and David we have no inheritance in the son of Jesse every
inheritance in the son of Jesse every
inheritance in the son of Jesse every man to your tent
man to your tent
man to your tent Oh Israel now see to your own house Oh
Oh Israel now see to your own house Oh
Oh Israel now see to your own house Oh David
David
David oh poor Israel departed to their tents
oh poor Israel departed to their tents
oh poor Israel departed to their tents but reverb on reigned over the children
but reverb on reigned over the children
but reverb on reigned over the children of Israel who dwelt in the cities of
of Israel who dwelt in the cities of
of Israel who dwelt in the cities of Judah then King Rehoboam sent a durham
Judah then King Rehoboam sent a durham
Judah then King Rehoboam sent a durham who was in charge of revenue but the
who was in charge of revenue but the
who was in charge of revenue but the children of Israel stoned him with
children of Israel stoned him with
children of Israel stoned him with stones and he died
stones and he died
stones and he died therefore King Rehoboam mounted his
therefore King Rehoboam mounted his
therefore King Rehoboam mounted his chariot in haste to flee to Jerusalem so
chariot in haste to flee to Jerusalem so
chariot in haste to flee to Jerusalem so Israel has been in rebellion against the
Israel has been in rebellion against the
Israel has been in rebellion against the house of David to this day
house of David to this day
house of David to this day [Music]